c:\users\animesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.exe.config
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.exe
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.pdb
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.g.resources
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.exe
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.pdb
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensor.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensors.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensor.baml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensors.baml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewLog.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewLog.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.exe.config
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.exe
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.pdb
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.exe
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\WaterFilter.pdb
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewLog.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensors.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewLog.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\ViewSensors.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.g.resources
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\WaterFilter\obj\Debug\WaterFilter.csproj.App.config
