c:\users\animesh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe.config
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.pdb
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.g.resources
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.pdb
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csproj.App.config
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Animesh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe.config
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.pdb
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.pdb
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csproj.App.config
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.g.resources
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe.manifest
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\bin\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.application
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.exe.manifest
D:\WaterFilter\WaterFilter_Desktop\WaterFilter_Desktop\obj\Debug\WaterFilter_Desktop.application
